hello everyone its Elena and today I'll
be opening this letter which I just got
in my pigeonhole in college and I noted
it's from the foundation where I applied
for a scholarship so I thought I'd just
open it on camera I openly shared that I
was applying for a scholarship there and
I went there about two weeks ago for a
selection weekend and honestly I have no
idea how that went but obviously I'm
hoping that it went well and that they
liked me but yeah I feel like you can
never really tell these things so let's
just open that just for context I
already have a bursary from my college
and I'm super super grateful for it it
has really helped my family a lot and
has enabled me to come here and so yeah
I'm really really grateful to my college
and let's just see if this worked out so
for this view Jack now I applied to this
foundation because I was recommended to
it by oh my school so the way it works
is your high school recommends you to
the foundation and then they invite you
to apply and you can just fill out that
in send it to them and yeah then you get
invited for selection weekend's there
are also other ways to apply to this
foundation you can also basically I
recommend yourself and then you like
have to do a test and then you can apply
so yeah there are many ways into the
foundation if you are a student who is
currently looking um you know for
funding your university education this
is definitely a great foundation to look
to okay if you guys are interested in it
and they're called the students shift or
massage and for kids and your German
Foundation and I will have their website
linked in the infobox below
and now let's open that letter okay
there we go
okay your booklet in there so that looks
good but let's see okay there's a lot of
paper Wow okay that's loads of paper
okay okay that easy um first sentence
and gave all the information away um
okay great oh my god I I'm really really
grateful um oh my god I am this this is
like my first reaction Oh grams tell my
mom Wow yeah but seriously um well I'm
really really grateful I mean
this is amazing I mean I you know like I
never like even thought I could get like
one scholarship for Cambridge and then I
ended up getting funding for my college
which was really really amazing and now
I just got a second one which is great
oh my god
this is pretty unbelievable for me and
yeah I don't know it just it just means
a lot this is just you know it's a huge
relief for my family um you know
financially obviously um but it's also
just amazing tonight know that I was
able to get another scholarship and oh
my god I'm just I'm just super super
grateful and very very happy oh my god
oh my gosh thank you so much to
everybody who made this possible and a
huge huge thank you to my school who
decided to recommend me I know that um
there were a lot of great students but
it could have recommended and I'm really
really really thankful that they chose
me and yeah I'm just also really glad
that this worked out thank you so so
much and yeah I'm gonna read for all of
these papers um let's see so yeah that
was my reaction to the outcome of my
scholarship application I am so so
grateful that it worked out I really
can't believe that I got the scholarship
it is just amazing thank you so so much
to the studio and stiff strong and to my
high school for you know recommending me
and then the foundation for admitting me
thank you so much and also huge fangs to
the support from my college because they
let me leave during the term time to
attend this election weekend which is
not just an easy given and I'm really
glad that they supported my application
in that way thank you all so so much and
huge thanks to everybody who supported
me in the process of applying so yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed this video this
was just a short update on my
application because I know that I shared
that I applied so I thought I'd also you
know share with you guys the outcome of
my application
thank you guys so much for watching have
a nice day bye